Beloved & Beyond (B&B) is an Asia-based personalized gifting, e-commerce platform specializing in flowers and gifts, connecting customers with local stores. B&B offers a variety of products for different occasions such as Vietnamese Women's Day, Halloween, Birthdays, Weddings, Anniversaries, etc. They also offer a new AI-powered search experience, called BB Assistant, which helps analyze customer requests and find the most suitable products. This helps customers order gifts easily, quickly, anytime, anywhere.
B&B also offers a variety of gifts, including flowers, cakes, chocolates, jewelry, cosmetics, electronics, and more. Customers can choose from pre-made gift sets or customize their own gifts by adding requests such as handwritten notes, photo frames and gift wrapping. By fulfilling these gifting needs, B&B is an online gifting platform that makes it easy for people to find and send unique and meaningful gifts to their loved ones.
In Vietnam, giving gifts is a cultural feature that helps strengthen relationships. It is a way of showing gratitude, respect and appreciation for loved ones, friends, colleagues and business partners. Therefore, to ensure stable profits and growth, B&B always strives to maintain customer loyalty by providing the best goods and services.
Participating teams will receive sample data from Beloved & Beyond over the company's four years in business. As a Business Data Analyst, the team's task is to analyze data from B&B to evaluate the company's operations and business results and analyze gift demand on our platforms.
